- **Bias and Fairness**: The paper examines the inclusion of ethical
considerations sections (ECSs) in ACL 2021 papers, but there's no
explicit mention of bias or fairness within those sections; therefore,
this aspect is not discussed.

- **Privacy**: Privacy concerns are likely addressed within ECSs as
they relate to sensitive data and tasks mentioned in the abstract.
However, specific details on how privacy issues were handled are not
provided in the text.

- **Transparency**: The authors highlight transparency by discussing
the contents of ethical consideration sections and comparing them
across different tracks and countries. There is no explicit mention of
transparency standards or practices within ECSs, though it can be
inferred from the overall approach to research ethics disclosure.

- **Dual Use**: The concept of dual use (applications that could have
both beneficial and harmful outcomes) may implicitly be addressed in
ECSs related to sensitive tasks or data; however, no explicit
discussion on dual use is mentioned in the abstract.

- **Accessibility**: While accessibility is not directly discussed,
ethical considerations sections could encompass topics around making
research findings and methodologies accessible to a wider audience
including those with disabilities.

- **Data Collection**: The paper classifies papers based on their
coverage of ethical issues concerning sensitive data and vulnerable
groups affected by the research, but there is no explicit focus on how
they handle the collection or use of such data in ECSs.


The paper does not provide a detailed breakdown of these aspects
within its scope, focusing more on the prevalence, content, and
obstacles related to ethical consideration sections (ECSs) in ACL 2enas